# Smart-Room-Controller
IoT - Smart Room Controller

For my midterm in the Internet of Things bootcamp with CNM Ingenuity Deep Dive (https://deepdivecoding.com/) we were encouraged to build a smart room controller with skills we learned in the past three weeks. My idea was to create something that would add value to the at home worker in their office space. This concept can be brought into other areas as well adding convenience to any place in your home.

It contains a motion sensor that allows a person to walk into a space and it will automatically turn on the Hue LED light bulbs, display the temperate on the OLED display while allowing you to control their brightness with the encoder rotary knob. I also wanted to add ease and a energy efficient component. By using the Wemo outlets you can plug your most used/valued components and can control their on/off function with the press of a button. My example features three buttons that each control a separate outlet which can be located anywhere in your home. So with the press of a button I could turn on my coffee pot, my laptop charger or a personal heater or fan! For those of us who have trouble remembering if you turned on an item located in another room, I have included LED lights that will light when the button is pressed and is in the on position. Finally the motion sensor will detect when someone has left the space turning everything off and turning a LED Pixel strip on. I combined my strip with a little creativity to create a nightlight effect, what will you make?

Let me know what you think and how you could find usefulness with this amazing smart room controller, enjoy!
